CHECKERED HISTORY.
GARY TUCHMAN REPORTS.
>> HERE I HAD THE CAMERA OUT THE
WINDOW.
>> Reporter: DAVID COALER WAS
DRIVING ON INTERSTATE 75 JUST
SOUTH OF LEXINGTON, KENTUCKY
WHEN HE SHOT THIS VIDEO ON HIS
PHONE.
IT WAS ALL MOST THE LAST THING
HE EVER DID.
KEEP AN EYE ON THE BLACK LINCOLN
WITH THE BICYCLE ATTACHED IN THE
LEFT LANE.
DAVID COALER ROLLED THE VIDEO
AFTER THE MAN BEHIND THE WHEEL
STARTED DRIVING RECKLESSLY IN
THE EMERGENCY LANE.
THIS IS THE FIRST TIME THE VIDEO
HAS BEEN PUBLICLY SEEN.
>> HE'S PASSING PEOPLE ON THE
LEFT EMERGENCY SHOULDER.
HE WAS TAILGATING SOMEBODY.
THEY DIDN'T GET OVER QUICK
ENOUGH SO HE GOT IN THE
EMERGENCY SHOULDER AND PASSED
THIS VEHICLE.
AT THIS POINT INTERSTATE 75 IS
THREE LANES WIDE ALREADY SO HE
MADE HIS OWN FOURTH LANE.
I GET OUT MY CELL PHONE AND TURN
ON VIDEO WHICH IS SIMPLE TO DO
AND HOLD IT UP AND TRY TO GET
HIS LICENSE PLATE NUMBER.
HE DOESN'T LIKE THAT AND SLAMS
ON HIS BRAKES AND ALMOST COMES
TO A COMPLETE STOP IN THE LEFT
HAND LANE ON I 75.
SO AT THAT POINT I KNOW HE'S A
LITTLE CRAZY.
>> Reporter: THIS IS PRECISELY
WHERE HE WAS ON THE INTERSTATE
WHEN HE STOPPED ROLLING VIDEO
BUT HE WAS CONCERNED WITH THE
BUY CYCLE ON THE BACK POLICE
COULDN'T MAKE OUT WHAT WAS ON
THE PLATE.
HE DECIDED TO MAKE THE
IDENTIFICATION EASIER, HE WOULD
GET VIDEO OF THE DRIVER'S FACE.
>> I NOTICED I'M STARTING TO
SLOW DOWN AND SEE HIS WINDOW
COME DOWN.
HIS WINDOW COMES DOWN AND PULLS
UP HIS HAND AND POINT AS GUN AT
MY FACE.
>> WE ZOOM IN THE PICTURE.
THE DRIVER IS POINTING A GUN AT
DAVID COLLAR AND LOOK AT THIS,
NOT ONLY IS HE POINTING THE GUN,
YOU CAN CLEARLY SEE SMOKE.
IT APPEARS THE DRIVER FIRED THE
GUN.
>> I WAS SCARED.
AFTER THE SHOT WAS FIRED I'M
LIKE OKAY, I'M NOT HIT AND DON'T
FEEL ANYTHING.
I LOOKED AROUND IN THE VEHICLE
THINKING THAT HAD TO HIT
SOMETHING BUT I DIDN'T SEE
BULLET HOLES OR ANYTHING.
>> YOUR HEART MUST HAVE BEEN
BEATING FAST.
>> IT WAS CRAZY.
>> DAVID COLLAR FOLD POLICE HIS
STORY AND GAVE THEM VIDEO AND
NOW PARARIN DOBBYNS IS UNDER
ARREST, A PRISON PHYSICIAN IN
BRANCHVILLE, A FORMER FAMILY
PHYSICIAN, A DOCTOR WHO HAS A
VERY TROUBLED PAST.
RECORDS IN NORTH CAROLINA WHERE
HE USED TO PRACTICE SHOW THAT IN
DECEMBER OF 2008 DOBBYNS FILLED
UNAUTHORIZED PRESCRIPTIONS FOR
OXYCODONE AND THE MEDICAL BOARD
SAID HE VOLUNTARY SURRENDERED
HIS MEDICAL LICENSE AND
PRACTICED IN INDIANA AND IN JULY
OF 2009 THE LICENSING BOARD PUT
HIS LICENSE ON PROBATION BUT IN
DECEMBER OF 2009 INDIANA ALLOWED
HIM TO PRACTICE AS LONG AS
ANOTHER DOCTOR WAS PRESENT AND
IN MAY OF 2011, INDIANA WAIVE
THAT CONDITION ALLOWING HIM TO
PRACTICE BY HIMSELF ONCE AGAIN.
DOBBYNS IS NOW OUT ON BOND.
HE'S PLEADED NOT GUILTY TO WANT
AND ENDANGERMENT AND FACES THE
POSSIBILITY OF FIVE YEARS BEHIND
BARS BUT CHARGES COULD BE
INCREASED FOLLOWING AN
INVESTIGATION AND A SUPERVISOR
TELLS US HE'S BEEN FIRED FROM
HIS JOB.
WHERE HE'S AT, THEY DON'T KNOW.
HOW DO YOU FEEL?
>> JUST SICK TO MY STOMACH.
IF WE COULD GO BACK AND HIM, YOU
KNOW, LIKE I SAY, FLIP ME THE
FINGER